Debian linux mate terminal bash commands
mkdir dirName - Make directory
mv currentDirir(*) targetDir - move items from current directory to target directory | * for all endings of starting name
ls -lh - view directories
cd - change directory 
su - super user
apt install - install package
exit - exit super user
kate fileName - open file in kate text editor


GIT:
-git init
-git status - view branch
-touch file - create file
-git add . - add stage items, . stands for everything
-git diff - displays difference between previous and current versions of code


GIT LEVELS:
-Nodes
-Stage
-Working space
-Untracked storage

The getc function

Synopsis:

#include <stdio.h>
int getc(FILE * stream);

Description:
The getc function us equivalent to fgetc, except that if it is implemented as a macro, it
may evaluate stream more then once, so the argument should never be an expression with
side effects.

The getchar function

The getchar function is equivalent to getc with argument stdin

Returns
The getchar function returns the next character from the input stream pointed to by
stdin. if the stream is at end-of-file, the end-of-file indicator for the stream is
set and getchar returns EOF. if a read error occurs, the error indicator for the 
stream is set and get char returns EOF.

The fgetc function

if the end-of-file indicator for input stream pointed to by stream is not set and a
next character is present, the fgetc function obtains that character as an unsigned
char converted to an int and advances associated file position indicator for the 
stream (if defined).

The ferror function returns nonzero if and only if the error indicator is set for stream

Streams

Input and output, whether to or from pyshical devices such as terminals and tape drives,
or whether to or from files supported on structured storage devices, are mapped into
logical data streams, whose properties are more uniform than their various inputs and
outputs. Two forms of mapping are supported, for text streams and for binary streams.

Input/Output <stdio.h>

The header <stdio.h> defines several macros, and declares three types and many functions
for performing input and output.

FILE

which is an object type capable of recording all information needed to control a
stream, including its file position indicator, a pointer to its associated buffer
(if any), an error indicator that records whether a read/write error has occured,
and an end-of-file (EOF) indicator that records whether the end of file has been reached